# Rotas

A library for implementing a 4 wheel remory palace based on the
techniques described by Giodarno Bruno in _DE UMBRIS IDEARUM_.

## Technique

Bruno proposes a series of concentric rings where the intersection of a
token on the outer, can be combined with a token on the inner, with a
token on the inner up to an unimaginable number of rings or wheels
(Latin: _rotas_).

So by memorizing 4 rings of tokens which correspond to the alphabet one
can gain 26<sup>4</sup> unique intersections.  While memorizing such a
huge number may seem daunting, if you can memorize 26 small stories e.g.
<subject> <verb> <implement> <location> you can gain that number with
very little difficulty.

`rotas` helps you build those sentences from your wheels.

## Example

The French word "fleur" corresponds to "flower" in English.  To memorize
this association, `rotas` helps you generate this short story.

    ➜  rotas git:(master) ✗ rotas "fleur/flower"
    [Frank Sinatra] [snorts cocaine] with a [golf club] in/on a [tokyo!!!].
    [Regina Spektor] /[shoots heroin] with a [straw] in/on a [garbage can].
    [Winston Churchill] [plays golf] with a [drumstick].


1.  **F**: subject = Frank Sinatra
1.  **L**: verb = L (a Hollywood starlet)'s verb
1.  **E**: implement = Ed Norton's in "Fight Club" implement - golf club
1.  **U**: location = Ultraman's location, Tokyo!
1.  **R**: subject = Regina Spektor


1.  **F**: verb = Frank Sinatra in "Man with the golden arm"
1.  **L**: implement = L (a Holywood starlet)'s object
1.  **O**: location = Oscar the Grouch's location
1.  **W**: subject = Winston Churchill
1.  **E**: verb = Ed Norton's activity
1.  **R**: implement = Drumstick for drumming on a chair done by Regina Spektor at her show

**NOTE**:  The stories generated by `rotas` are **FICTIONAL**.  They are
plot ideas and are not slanders of the famous person or actor who might
**PLAY** them.

Obviously these images and stories are important to *me*.  You should
make a datafile that is important to you.  If you have  son named
"Isaac" he should be your **I**, if your best friend is an **F**red, use
him for **F**.  If the convenience store by your house is an important
place, use it.  In short, use personal, meaningful places and people!
## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'rotas'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rotas

## Usage

    $ rotas ruby
    [Regina Spektor] [battles a kaiju] with a [opium pipe] in a [iron islands boat].

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
